You see all the other agents are gone.
They've been dead for a long while.
Yes, and the house has been sore for a while.
Of course, Minnie and Maggie did the front end for quite a long time after Josephine and James passed away.
Oh, didn't they?
And Tom...
I didn't get to know them as well. I knew them, you know.
Tom, Tom, you know, well Tom liked his liquor too.
They went over to the drugstore and Will died.
And Will went over to...
Well, Will went over to Chatham Newcastle.
And I think one of them, was there a Harry among them?
He lived down in St. Martin's Way.
And they were all dead.
Of course, I know all of them. Of course, they're descendants of him.
Were he a drugist too, that went over to Newcastle?
Yes, he was.
It seems to me that I read John.
Yes, and John was, I'm sure, over there.
But they had a drugstore in St. John's.
Yes, that's where I'm from.
John's, Dury.
He was a very kind-hearted man.
A man came to him, needing medicine, and didn't have the money to pay for it.
And he knew that Joseph couldn't get it, you know.
He was just powered up.
He would give him the medicine and wait for his pay.
It seems to me, Aunt May, I've heard you mention more than once about these people.
The Dures. You always found them friendly people.
Oh, yes, yes I did.
But Uncle Frank didn't seem to...
Well, it was Uncle Frank's fault.
He wasn't one of them. He knew the Mickeys.
But they're still all their own relatives.
And they were the only people.
And they were the only...
Well, look, Margaret, that would be Louis' girl.
Do you remember Louis Phillips?
Zemmer does.
Louis lived up here off the road.
And his girl, Margaret, was the head of the nurses over in the Lancaster when Ruthie worked there.
When Ruthie was at the Lancaster Veterans Hostel.
Oh, yes.
And Ruthie, of course, was a female auditor.
She said, Ruthie, why don't you go in training?
Well, your status would be a lot better what's in now.
She said, you're capable and smart.
And she said, why don't you go in training and get your RN?
We see Ruthie tried over here and not paid enough attention and got put out.
And they wouldn't take her back.
So she rode up to the outermost and asked if she could train there.
And the doctor told her she didn't have a personal interview.
But she told her what had happened down here.
So Ruth went up.
And she told her the whole thing.
She said, I don't think I'll have any trouble that way now.
She said, I used to go to sleep in class.
I couldn't bank my keep of mind on it.
She didn't.
And I said, I'm quite a lot older now.
She said, 25.
She was only 18 before.
And she said, if I give...
If you'll give me a chance, she said, I'll work.
Well, she said, it was almost.
She said, I'll give you a chance.
And because she did, Ruthie worked like a dooker and got five prizes when she graduated.
And always had a soft spot in her heart for the major.
Well, this woman that you speak of, was instrumental in getting...
Was she with Bonda Phillips?
Yes.
You see, Lewis Phillips was your mother's first cousin.
And Margaret was his daughter.
And she asked me about Ruth one time.
And I was out with Lewis at the store.
I was out with the two of them down at the mini store one day.
I think Lewis had been dead since then.
But she was very nice indeed.
And I told her I wanted to thank her for her good advice to Ruth.
I said, we've been after you.
And she tried to get training and she went back to the road building.
And she said, all she needed was what you said, encouragement.
So I felt she was better, she was well-prepared to be a nurse.
And I better than just being ordered.
So I felt that she had a lot to do with getting Ruth to do training.
She was very nice indeed.
I don't see how I need that fire.
I'm sinking.